fix: launch args with multiple values inside quotes (#29077)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Updated the Chrome flags to not show the "Enhanced Ad Privacy" dialog. Addresses [#29199](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29199).

**Bugfixes:**

> - Fixed launch args with multiple values inside quotes. Fixes [#27454](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/27454).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed and issue where cypress launch arguments were not being escaped correctly with multiple values inside quotes. Fixes [#27454](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/27454).
```
